The last three years, we've spent
roughly 30 million on our videos. You
guys are the second biggest creator in
the United States after Mr. Beast. In
the last 9 months, we've grown like 80
to 90 million subscribers. There's a lot
of things people don't know about us.
Our family didn't know that we were
homeless. I just didn't want to stress
them out more. Were tensions high after
you made that fake robbery video? We
immediately got demonetized. They really
wanted to make an example out of
YouTubers. Definitely paid a price for
it. Why not address it? I don't know if
I should even say this. Creators have
like claimed you guys have stolen ideas.
You guys used to be part of Brent
Rivera's creator group. What cut did
they take of your revenue? The money we
were splitting just didn't make sense.
Can you share your AdSense? Oh my god.
Averaging close to 100 million views per
video. What was the biggest disagreement
you guys have gotten into? I had people
in my ear telling me, "Hey, like your
brother's freaking crazy."
A lot of people don't know about her
background, but
[Music]
like I cannot believe that thousands of
creators have already gotten our free
YouTube hack with all my best templates,
tools, and tips to grow on YouTube
today. And you can get it as well if you
go to
ytackpack.com. Basically, it's
everything that I've learned from my
interviews with top creators to my 5
years working inside YouTube before
that. So, you'll get my 100 viral video
ideas playbook with ideas for any niche,
my 10 intro templates to improve your
hooks with fill-in-the-blank templates,
literally the thumbnail templates that
I've used to get millions of views on
this channel, and if you sign up within
the next 2 weeks, I'll be picking a few
of you to redesign your thumbnails by
hand, just like I did for this creator.
And if you've already gotten our hack
packs in the past or joined our
newsletter, then just keep an eye out on
our next email to submit. And if you're
seeing this afterwards, don't worry.
We're doing a ton more giveaways soon.
So again, go to the link in the
description below, ytackpack.com, or
check out the QR code to get it all for
free. And now back to the video. All
right, boys. I am so excited to be here.
Are you guys wearing tuxedos? Cuz this
is your first podcast interview. Like,
what was what's the deal with the men's
warehouse get up here, guys? Yeah. So,
this is our first podcast ever, and we
just honestly wanted to dress for the
occasion. Wow, dude. I I'm usually the
one who's overdressed. So, uh I'm
excited to get into it. Um, I have a lot
of question, but before that, I mean,
we've been setting up here and I've seen
two donkeys, two pigs, like a Lambo
outside. Just give me some like basic
numbers. Like, uh, how much do you guys
purchase this mansion for where you film
a ton of your YouTube videos? Yeah. Um,
I think you're the financial guy here,
Alex. Uh, yeah. So, we purchased this
mansion for 9.4 million. Wow. And since
then, we've put over $5 million in
renovations in this mansion. Um, yeah. I
mean, we love this house. It's basically
the perfect um I wouldn't really call it
a house. It's more like a warehouse,
right? Like, we have our guys work out
of here. Obviously, we have two rooms in
this house as well. We film like I feel
like it's just a perfect fit for our
videos, right? It's an open canvas. It's
uh obviously has a home feel to it, but
it's also like a really nice aesthetic
warehouse where we can set deck
depending on the type of video that
we're doing. So, overall, we think it's
just like the perfect home for the style
of videos that we film. And this place
has a ton of history. Like the Ace
family used to live here, right? Yes.
Before this, you guys bought it from
them or how did that go? No, no, we
bought it from the bank. The It was a
foreclosure. Yeah. Foreclosure. They
combined. So, this is originally was
made this lot was originally intended
for three homes. And they this house is
actually combined from two homes. So,
it's there were originally there's a
home on this side and home on that side.
And they combined this space we're in
right now was kind of how they combined
the two homes together. So, into like
one giant mega mansion. And pretty much
this would technically be the biggest
and most expensive home in Woolen Hills
history. Just a fun fact, this home.
Yeah. Yes. But it was done illegally.
So, it's just just a little bit of
history behind a house. So, yeah. We
actually don't live here. We have our
own separate homes. We have two separate
homes because there's no hot water.
Still no hot water here. Yeah. No hot
water, no uh heat. So, we have our own
separate homes like 15 minutes away. We
just come up here for work. $14 million
house with all the renovations, but it's
not where you guys live. Yeah. I mean,
we've been it's been three years almost
since we purchased this home and haven't
been able to move in yet. Well, I got to
say the thing that fascinated me most of
all this was actually the editing room.
Like, I walked there in there earlier.
It's like there's like seven videos
being worked on at once. I saw a short,
I saw a long form, a long form. It's
just like I I want to talk about the
videos because you guys obviously have,
you know, over 110 million subscribers.
Um, you know, I pulled up the YouTube
2024 trends report and you guys are
listed as the second biggest creator in
the United States. Like, it's wild.
Behind only Mr. Beast, ahead of
Cristiano Ronaldo. Whoa. At number
three, and Mark Robber at number eight.
Whoa. You guys haven't seen No. This is
This is the 2024 YouTube trends report.
Uh, you guys are also the second most
watched creator in the UK and Indonesia,
number three in Mexico, number seven in
India. You're only 26 years old, which
is is wild. Um, so I want to ask
No, it's it's hilarious because it's
like Yeah. Like keep adding to the list.
It's just music to my No, I'm joking.
Well, yeah. There's there's a lot of
like nuance in that, too. But but I was
studying up about your past. Like you
guys were homeless. You slept in your
car. You were showering at the gym. You
were sampling at Costco. Yes. How did
you go from that to this? Yeah. So, when
we first started, we were in college and
we were obviously um our mom is Asian
and you know, every Asian parent wants
their kid to be a doctor, which is what
originally we were in school for. And I
just saw like the life that a lot of my
friends who were a little older, the
life that they were living along with um
my mom and you know, me personally, like
I just I had a dream that I wanted to do
YouTube. I wanted to entertain and I was
like, why not? Like, why can't I do
this? So, obviously, we didn't have the
support of our parents when we first
moved out here by ourselves. So, we were
pretty much just we drove out here on a
car and we just wanted to chase our
dreams, right?
And it was just me and him. We were
living in our car. We were trying to
figure it out on Instagram. We
originally started out on Instagram. uh
grew to around 100K, which obviously
Instagram doesn't pay anything, right?
Our goal was to transition all of that
to YouTube. And just starting out, like
I said, we didn't have a place to live.
We slept in a car, didn't have a place
to shower, so we would obviously have to
shower in like public gyms. We would
sample at Costco. We would kind of sneak
in and just be like, "Oh, hey, I'm here
to get my eye checked." Picking up a
prescription. Walk in, steal samples.
We'd even like put on different outfits,
hoodies if we like, you know, you can't
go back for like two, three samples
where I mean, you technically can, but
it gets suspicious. Yeah. So, we would
uh kind of do that to kind of get by.
And I remember our first ever YouTube
video that did really well for us. It
was what it's like to be a twin. And we
were finally able to get an Airbnb after
that. So we finally had a place to call
home, a place to go home to at night,
shower, and from there, ever since we
had our own like, you know, place to
work out of. We were finally able to
just massively scale up from there. So
we're homeless for a year and a half,
and then after we got our first Airbnb
within months, we got our first
apartment. A few months out of the
apartment, we got our first um house
that we filmed a lot of our videos in.
And fast
forward, six, seven years, we're here.
So, and was that primarily AdSense
money? That was funny. All AdSense
money. It was every single I don't think
we've ever made a dime from Instagram or
Tik Tok. Everything has come from
YouTube. So, we're just super grateful
to be able to do what we're what we
love, which is YouTube. So, I was trying
to understand your creative process by
talking to a lot of the creators who
have collaborated with you, like Jordan
Matter, and and he said that something
along the lines of um the Stokes Twins
are the best at finding what's popular
across all of YouTube and adapting it.
He said that about you guys. And so I
want to break that into two parts. Um
finding what's popular and then adapting
it. How do you guys go about finding
trends on YouTube or ideas that you're
like that'd be interesting for us to
make a video about? Yeah. So I would def
I have an account on YouTube where I'm
just obviously I have like six different
accounts. One is like where I watch
sports, another account where I just
watch games. Um and obviously one
account where I just only keep up with
like watch YouTube videos, keep up with
like other creators. So from there, I'm
kind of my homepage. I'm really able to
see like what YouTube is recommending
me, right? Where YouTube is kind of
serving me up. Hey, this is what I think
you'll watch where I'm one of my own
viewers, right? So from there, I'm able
to see, okay, wow, this video did
amazing for this creator, right? They
typically average 100,000 views or this
one has a million views in a day, which
is a huge outlier obviously. So from
there, I'm able to kind of look at and
be, okay, is that something that we can
do?
um you know we can't it honestly depends
on a topic but I can just throw you out
secret rooms right which is for people
who don't know like it's a huge trend uh
building secret rooms in your house
people were doing just secret rooms and
I was like okay there's got to be a
better way to combine this right where
it's uh we saw secret rooms being built
no one really incorporating like the
hide-and-seek aspect a part of it so we
were able to kind of just see a video
that was really popular and we also know
hide-and-seek is really popular at the
time as well. The camouflage I didn't
see was a huge trend. So, we just
combine it all into one giant video and
really just make it a a two-part viral
video as opposed to a one part viral
video. You're coming for the secret
rooms, but you're also getting the
secret room along with this huge
spectacle of a search as well. I'm
curious like with all that said, like uh
where's the line between remixing ideas
and stealing them? Because a lot of
folks, you know, like creators have like
claimed you guys have stolen ideas.
Specifically, I want to share this print
out because, you know, um, creators have
claimed that you've stolen their
content. I've pulled a video from Mr.
Beast, uh, that you guys later created a
very similar thumbnail to, a thumbnail
from Ara where he was busting myths. You
guys, u made a similar thumbnail, and
then thumbnails from Ryan Tran, FaZe
Rug, Brent Rivera that you guys used as
well. What's that line between adapting
and remixing content and stealing or
copying them as creators have suggested?
Yeah, this definitely came from a time
where we were uh very new to YouTube. I
believe that some of these examples are
when we were first starting 5 years ago
and honestly like
um we were very very small. We didn't
know that the backlash that would cause
we I believe we had a couple hundred
thousand subscribers for some of these
and we had a friend who would do
in-house. This is at the time we were
demonetizing YouTube. So, we were just
really trying not to get kicked out of
our apartment, trying to save costs on
where we could. And um he would do our
thumbnails for free and I'll be like,
"Hey, like um we just did a Lassly Tesla
video. Can you just uh find a thumbnail
out there and create something?" And he
would just pretty much throw our faces
on other people's faces or just put us
in the same background or almost make it
a little too similar. Uh we had no clue
like the long-term harm in our
reputation it would cause. We thought it
was just a couple hundred thousand
views. The creators themselves won't
even notice. Um, we were scrapping to
get by. And, you know, looking back at
it now, like, it harms you as a creator,
your reputation as a creator. And it
also harms a video performance because
with these thumbnails, they're so
similar to the original one that's
already been seen by millions of people
where when they see a such a similar
version, they're not going to click on
it. I believe this thumbnail right here
has like a two or 3% clickthrough rate.
We see this at the time where, hey, you
know, we're new to YouTube. Oh my god,
this is a thumbnail that everyone is
doing. And if we want this trend to be
recognizable, we have to do the same
thumbnail, not knowing that viewers are
going to see it as, hey, it's the same
video. We're not going to click on it.
This thumbnail here had a two or 3%
clickthrough rate. Our lowest one is
like 5 6%. After that, so it not only
harms you as a creator, your reputation,
but it also harms the video performance
over time. And you're also like pissing
off a bunch of other creators as well
because
um yeah, I mean this is is there is
there a story there? Was there a punch
in the gut or a wakeup call? Like um one
day I woke up saw a tweet that hey the
Stokes twins copy my thumbnail and I was
like oh no like how did they even see
it? The video only has like 100k views.
Who is that tweet from? It was from Faze
Rug. Faze Rug. Yeah. And um you know I
was like oh my god like people clearly
don't don't like this right you know and
we see like we see thumbnails being
similar on YouTube but not to the point
where they're copy and pasted given
there are examples where like other
creators do like there's probably
examples out there where other people do
copy and paste at the time as well. But
um you know seeing us get directly
targeted by that and we're just starting
out I'm like oh my god like this sucks.
Like we're just getting our name out
there. um we're kind of getting dragged
through the mud. Um we're just trying to
make it out as creators and it kind of
[__] our reputation. So from there it
was like a really wakeup call, right? We
were like, "Okay, like when you do stuff
like this, it is going to get out that
you do stuff like this. You develop a
reputation that you're just a copycat
creator, right?" Given that the content
inside is completely different for like
pretty much all of these concepts, um
when they see that, they just assume you
copy everything, right? you're just
known as the copycat creator when
obviously not saying it's okay. It's not
okay to copy a thumbnail like this. Copy
and paste. But even if the cop the
thumbnail is just a copy and paste,
people are going to assume that
everything you do is copy and paste. So
it was horrible. We pissed off a lot of
creators and um I believe Arak won. This
one got taken down by Ara. Uh he
copyright strike the video. It was taken
down for 28 days and we were told that
he may even take it to court. So we were
like, "Oh my god." Like okay. like we
immediately changed the thumbnail on it
when it got reinstated and uh views
actually jumped up like crazy. So I was
like, "Oh my god,
like it's actually way better and way
more." Yeah. Yeah. It's actually way
better and way more innovative to not do
this. And it was just like a wakeup call
for us, right? We're like, "Okay, this
is very very dumb to do. This is bad
harming us reputation. This is harming,
you know, the potential views the video
could get and overall just harming our
business as creators, right? And you
know, you don't want to be that creator
that everyone like has a certain stigma
about where, okay, this person is just
known for doing this or they're only
where they are because they copied. And
that's something that we had to learn
the hard way unfortunately about the
copy pasting thumbnails. And um yeah,
now we spend I want to say I spend like
six hours on just coming up with like
original sketches on thumbnails. Okay,
what is the most creative thumbnail out
there that I know the viewer click on?
not oh what have they seen and what has
worked. What is something that is
immediately going to grab the viewers's
attention? We come up with like 10
sketches of thumbnails and from there
I'll pick like okay this thumbnail
immediately grabs my attention and I'm
going to pick five to the top five for
my thumbnail artist to do. So now we
have an actual thumbnail artist. We
actually spend time doing the sketches
and the results just kind of speak for
themselves. Um, I did want to talk about
the video of it because beyond the
thumbnails like in that Ara video, there
were moments of it where, you know, he
was like busting a myth where it was
like him like going down with bed sheets
from a second floor of a room. You guys
did something similar. That point you
guys had about 4 million subscribers.
It's a myth that you can use bed sheets
as a rope to escape your bedroom. Guys,
please don't do this at home. This is a
terrible idea.
Oh, it's working. You can climb out a
window using only bed sheets. Uh-oh.
Yeah. Oh my god, it's working. It is
impossible to ride a bike underwater. Oh
my god, dude. He's doing it. It is
impossible to ride a bike underwater.
It's working. Of course, like our
thought process from like from now to 5
years ago has changed so much. And it's
just at the time, I just know it was
more so it's definitely not okay, pick
up a camera. H what are we doing? Let's
just copy and paste. The intention
behind doing that was more so, hey, this
scene is so funny. I'm going to do this
because now when I watch it back, I'm
laughing as well. And it makes this
whole video process, if I'm enjoying
what I'm doing, I'm laughing at it.
That's more so what I was focused on
rather than the, hey, this is copy and
paste it from another creator from
there. And like a bunch of other videos,
it's just like moving forward from like
fast forward five years. It's like the
thought process, everything now is just
complete like 180 and it's just having
moments like that where you can really
learn from your mistakes just really um
I think key moments like that was just
super important for us to like grow from
and evolve and truly become like uh
where we are today. Yeah. Now on the
flip side like people like take a lot of
your ideas like I was watching a few
shorts back toback. You guys had this
short where you're drawing different
circles and trying to figure out the
path and then there's other videos where
it's come out afterwards that people are
replicating the exact setup. It's
impossible to solve this puzzle from
start to finish. Is it possible to solve
this puzzle from start to finish? The
only rule is you can't trace over any of
the lines.
You're not allowed to do that. The only
rule is you can't trace over the lines.
No, no, no. You can't draw over the
other line. I show you guys how to do
it. You have to subscribe. You come
right now and subscribe.
Subscribe. If I get this, everybody has
to subscribe.
Bro, he has it. Oh, no way.
Are there videos that like have come out
since you guys originated the idea that
really stick out to you or like you kind
of are just moving on to the next video?
Yeah, I mean like we like it's it's kind
of funny cuz it's kind of it's like a
full circle like we originally would
copy like other people's like um video
ideas or their thumbnails and obviously
that's not something that we we do
anymore. We see something we try to
elevate and make it completely
different. We try to put like two
combine two trends into one where it's
like hey you're coming here for the
ultimate viewing experience. So like
yeah sometimes I'll scroll through
shorts my video will pop up and then
just cuz like I'm on that account right
that I have that custom account where
like it registers me as a fan so I'm
able to see like what content that
YouTube thinks me as a Stokes fan would
want to see or like in my niche right
the the whole creator ecosystem that
makes similar content to what we make.
So from there it'll serve me one of my
shorts and then right underneath that
will be a copy and paste of our shorts
and I'll be like oh my god like this is
like identical to ours down to like the
the the the people amount of people in a
video the exact same voice over the
exact same like coloration and it's like
um you know I don't really let it bother
me and it it it does happen pretty
frequently nowadays but I just kind of
more so view it as like oh my god like
it's funny how it's like full circle
that happens now and you know there's no
need for us to really it would almost be
hypocritical for me to call them out
when I used to do that starting out. So,
there's no hard feelings on anyone who
does. I understand from their shoes what
they're trying to do. They're, you know,
at just trying to make a YouTube video,
trying to make it happen and um you
know, they're trying to live out their
dreams. So, I'm not going to like call
anyone out on that or anything. So, do
do you think there's a reason why uh
remixing happens more on YouTube like
than like other platforms or do you find
that it happens more on Tik Tok or
Instagram? I'm curious because like part
of it is also it's like our content is
so reactionary whether it's literally a
react like format where you're watching
something else and reacting back to it
or you're like making a video about
Squid Game which was popular on Netflix
and then we have all of our different
adaptations to it. Like do you think
there's something about YouTube that
like this happens way more? Yeah, I
think I think
like I think it's sometimes
uh back to like the culture, right? Like
it's
um Squid Game that almost became like a
small part of like people's culture for
like you know it was just everywhere for
me, right? Where it's like it's
unavoidable. you know, people are saying
it in school, like you know, certain
things and you know, you see you see
like a coin phrase that's uh from that
show and everyone's saying it as like a
popular phrase and it's just kind of
like it's one of those things where kind
of when Hunger Games was huge, that was
a huge thing. Uh when a song is huge,
people are singing it and when a show is
huge, people are want to see more of it,
right? They're dying to see season 2
where they're also dying to see any
recreation of it as well. You know, back
when dancing was a huge trend on TikTok,
right? Like I would see like hundred of
the same dances from like one creator
where it's like I think like that was a
huge thing on TikTok where like oh you
didn't give me dance credits on this and
it's like well not with us cuz we didn't
I believe we made one or two dances and
I couldn't I can't dance I can't dance I
cannot dance anything of us dancing but
um no it was uh a lot of creators were
doing dances a lot of people weren't
giving credits even the biggest creators
like they would be like oh I didn't know
like where this dance credit came from
so I can't credit you if I don't know
where it comes from. So that's kind of
like it's more of like a culture thing,
right? Like you're dancing to your
favorite song and then someone makes up
a dance that's popular and you dance to
it and that doesn't necessarily mean
like oh you're copying a person. It's
you know it's just more of like the the
culture more of like what people do. I I
also think like often times you know
what the origin of your inspiration is
and you look at it and you could tell
like who's adapting there but sometimes
like with dance moves you don't know
where it came from or you see like a
format or like a game that people are
playing in a short and you know people
may not realize where it came from. So
it's like interesting that uh yeah it's
such a and everyone's kind of on this
hamster wheel to make more content pay
their bills. Um so yeah I think yeah you
guys sharing the other side of that is
fascinating because mo most people don't
think about that. Take me through like
what's the average cost of a Stokes
Twins video? I would say the average
cost
is around 500,000. Yeah, like 500,000.
No, you're you're kidding me. No, come
on. Oh, no. I'm kidding. No. Um, okay.
So, imagine getting over 50 million
views on a video you uploaded but didn't
edit at all. That's exactly what Jubilee
did by using Opus Clip. And it's a tool
that I want to give to you guys for
free. And this is how it works. All you
have to do is copy and paste a link from
your YouTube or even your Google Drive,
Loom, Riverside, and boom, Opus
automatically analyzes the best parts
from that video to turn it into a bunch
of clips for you. And better yet, it
adds captions, suggest a title, a
description that fit your brand, and
automatically reframes your video so it
looks good vertically so you could
upload it immediately. And let's say
you're a perfectionist like me, don't
worry. Opus also lets you export your
clips to Adobe Premiere if you want to
make any final touches. It's used by
creators and brands of all sizes from
those just starting out to some of the
biggest channels out there like Jubilee.
So, just go to this link below or click
on the QR code to get three months free
because Opus is giving me a deal that
they're not putting anywhere else. This
link is the only one that will give you
full access to the Opus Pro plan for 3
months. So, you could clip as many of
your videos as you want. No strings
attached. So, click the link below in
the description or click the QR code.
And now, back to the video. I would say
it's definitely all under like 50,000.
We definitely try to keep it under
50,000. Sometimes we go over, but when
it comes to like, you know, sometimes we
can get it around like 20 to 30 or 40,
but it's just depends on like the videos
needs and whatnot. But we're definitely,
we don't want to be like super wasteful
and just, you know, if there's something
we can do, I'd rather optimize it more
so in like the story versus like, you
know, getting something super expensive
that I feel like want to add a ton to
the video. Yeah. What's your most
expensive video you guys have ever made?
Well, we spent we did a video where we
spent a million dollars in 24 hours. We
got like five of our friends, told them,
"Hey, you can buy whatever you want."
And we kind of had things planned for
them where like we, you know, Tanner is
a huge like basketball Lakers fan and we
got them courtside tickets to go see,
you know, NBA game that's part of the
segment. Someone else um for example
like Sean, we really needed something
that was gonna be get to that million
mark. So, we're like, "Hey, like, do you
have any like cars that you like and
whatnot?" And we kind of, you know, got
him the Lamborghini. Um, which was
around, I believe, like 600 something
thousand. So, that took up over half of
like, you know, the budget. And with
everyone else, a a lot of our friends
also share like the same struggles like
we did when we came up. Um, didn't
really have like a place where they
could go home to every night or they
were kind of couch hopping as well. So,
two of the friends, we um got them like
a year lease for like apartments and
whatnot and kind of just covered those
costs for them. And I believe the video
in that video we spent around
1.1 million, but so we definitely went a
little bit over. But yeah, that was the
video where the most expensive video,
but it's just buying things. That was
our first really really good year. And
you know, our team was very very small.
We wanted to kind of give back to our
team, make them feel like, hey, like
you're thank you for being part of this
journey. Um, the same struggles that we
went through, we wouldn't wish on
anyone. So, we just really wanted to
take care of our team. You know, I I
really believe in taking care of your
team, your employees. So, we kind of
just went out of the way, learned what
their struggles were, learned what they
were trying to do, what they wanted, and
we pretty much just um yeah, just made
sure that no one, if we had the power to
do that of our team, we didn't want
anyone to go through that struggle. So,
a lot of people we got them like homes,
some of them we got them like two-year
leases to apartments and gave them a
bunch of cash. A few things that
obviously didn't make the video as well
where we're like, "Hey, like I don't
want to like show everything, you know,
like we do a lot of these things where
it's off camera. I just that was the one
video where I'm like I felt really bad
about like um outing them." Not even
outing, but it's more so like I I feel
like the narrative I wouldn't want
people to think, "Hey, we did it because
the cameras." If anything, I wish we
could have done it without the cameras.
cuz I feel like it kind of defeats the
purpose sometimes. So that was the one
video where like I that's originally why
I didn't really want to talk about it
cuz I feel like to me sometimes
where it's like a trade-off where it's
hey if you didn't record it it didn't
happen versus hey you're only doing it
because it's
for the cameras. So it's just that was
one of the things that I kind of
struggle with. So of course there's a
lot of things that happens off camera
that we don't really like record or
capture because just there's just no
reason to do that in my opinion. Yes.
Between me and this person, not for the
whole internet to see. Yeah, it was a
beautiful video. Um, how big is your
team today?
Today, shoot, if you're asking us, like
two months ago, we had a team of like
seven people, six six full-time people,
one like part-time person. Um, and this
year one of the things that we wanted to
do was scale up a lot, free up more of
my time into being into videos and
really script writing and just focusing
on like bigger things, right? Like uh
one of our goals is to expand to China
and like I we brought on six new people
and I'm just training each of each day
of the week. I'll dedicate like a few
hours to them. Train them exactly on my
thought process like hey like the reason
why I drive to this location do this is
because I need to know how the location
looks like. If we if we're building this
in this location, we can't build it in
this way because this is where the sun
comes in from. What's an exact example
of that? Well, or something that
recently. So, like let's say we're
building like a chocolate a slippery
staircase, right? And I have to go to
the location. Um, it's one of the bits
in our videos where we're like trying to
climb a slippery staircase and I'm like,
"Okay, it needs to be in this location.
It can't be towards this way because
look at where the sun's coming from.
It's going to look horrible when we
film. It's just going to backlight.
won't be able to see anyone's face
because it's going to be horribly
backlit. Can't do this angle either
because it's going to have horrible
shadows in it. And you know, just kind
of like decision- making on like, hey,
and here's why um we're going
to do it on this day. Here's why we're
going to um have this person work on it
instead. And just really really
training. Like I we have people who live
here as well with us right now that
we're like training up. And I just think
it's essential for them to be I wouldn't
say like around us 24/7 but like around
us anytime we are working. Yeah. And
it's just more so I because like
initially this is a really really fun
funny story. Um initially like he didn't
want to do social media and for the
first Yeah. I had to convince him like
he thought I was crazy like we were in
college. I was like hey I think we can
do this and he's like no you got to be
realistic man like everyone's dream is
to be a famous movie star. This is just
another one of those crazy dreams. And
it took a lot of convincing and it
sucked that the first year and a half we
were homeless. He was like, "Man, this
sucks." And I was like, "Hey, I promise
you we're gonna figure this out." And
it's amazing that we were finally able
to figure it out. But for the first
three years, I just told him, "Hey, you
don't need to worry about anything. I
got everything under control. I'm going
to like make sure that like I'm going to
film our content. I'm going to take our
pictures. I'm going to edit all of our
content. I'm going to um you know, I'm
going to direct it. I'm going to produce
it. I'm gonna make sure everything you'd
only have to show up as talent. So the
first three, four years, that was the
case. Wow. And throughout over the last
two years, I want to say that's when he
finally started picking it up and he's
been really really able to like
obviously it's crazy because he is my
clone, right? So like he's able to take
off a lot of the times when I'm not, you
know, we have different shifts. I go to
sleep really late making sure the
video's up and it's, you know, ready to
be posted. Um he wakes up early, meets
with the team, has him go through this.
I go in and I come in and I make like
okay we're not going to be able to do
this because of this this or here's how
we can improve it. So he gets a lot of
the base work done but it's really
really amazing how like I was able to
train him up indirectly. So, okay, like
I can just find like multiple people,
six other people in every aspect,
directing, filming, um another talent,
um another producer, an editor, uh just
pretty much every single aspect that
we're heavily involved in, train them
up, and free up my time. cuz if he was
able to do it, I'm sure I can find
someone who seems like the perfect
candidate that I get along with that is
very smart, that is hardworking, that
wants it as well, who's going to be here
long term. Found those people over the
last few months and those people are
here every single day, kind of just
understanding my thought process, and
you know, there are pretty much many
versions of us that's able to make
decisions and kind of just really really
bring up my time. And that's one of the
things I want to do this year so we can
focus on like other big projects that we
have. Yeah, I feel that on uh such a
deep level because you know as we're
growing our team I'm realizing onetoone
meetings are not enough to try to train
new people like shadowing and them
spending time because like I'll even get
questions like it's like wait what John
why did you make this decision or why
did you do that and it's only because
you know by spending time around in
those down moments that you could do
that. I did want to ask though why not
just go solo? Why not just go solo?
Yeah. Why didn't you just go on your own
like and and not be the twins, just be
as an identical twin? I even went to the
I had opportunities to go like I had a
full ride to go to multiple like super
good colleges, even an Ivy League as
well. And I just didn't want to be away
from him. Like, you know, we're twin
brothers. Like we're pretty much like
bonded together since birth. We've never
spent more than a day apart. And the
first time that happened was I think
four years ago on our birthday. We
finally spent a day apart. Yeah. he his
um
ex-girlfriend, they were, you know, he
they went somewhere and I was, "Oh my
god, it's our first day that we're
spending apart from each other." So, um
I just we were kind of inseparable. I
didn't want to do it without him. And I
knew that I couldn't do it myself. I
needed that support. I knew it was going
to be a struggle and I unfortunately I
we did I dragged him into it with me in
the beginning, but I definitely wouldn't
have been able to do it without him. So,
I just needed that like person that was
the closest to me to help me do what we
do. That's beautiful. How did you feel
during those early years? Do you think
he was crazy? Well, it's I I have to say
because right before social media, his
uh obsession was us making it into the
NBA. Really? So, we were just, you know,
doing all these basketball training
programs, uh, uh, jump manual programs,
you know, and just like vigorously
training. Yes. And then I just knew that
dream wasn't going to be, you know,
super realistic. And then I thought this
was another one of his crazy endeavors.
So, I was like, hey, like I get like,
you know, we could probably make a
honest living out of it, but hey, like
why not just do what's safe? And you
know, we're already two years in college
and we're going to be the goal is to be
doctors, right? And I had people in my
ear too tell me, "Hey, like your
brother's freaking crazy. Like don't do
what he's doing. Just play it safe and
do this and this." And I'm I'm always
like the safe person kind of guy. And
he's definitely the one he's like, "Hey,
like he's the risky kind and he wants to
take risks, try new things."
So yeah, that was like the only thing I
would say that was a little bit
different about us.
And yeah, so I just didn't think it was
everything we've accomplished,
everything that's happened. I wouldn't
have imagined, you know, in a million
years, like in my wildest dreams, that
we would have come this far and achieved
all this. It's really we we don't really
spend as much time talking and looking
back and reflecting how we were able to
do what we did. Um, some of our favorite
things, like probably our favorite thing
growing up back then, like just picking
up a camera, recording random stuff,
just beating each other up on a
trampoline, things like that, goofy
moments, and just being able to actually
turn that, monetize that, and make that
into like a full-time job, and just be
able
to make videos on the internet, you
know, as and create this whole business
out of it. It's kind of wild, but yeah.
How do you guys divide up
responsibilities now? Well, I do
everything now.
He likes to say that. He likes to say
that I was I got a little sick the last
few weeks. So he's like, "Oh, you don't
do anything anymore. In the beginning
you did, but now you don't." Uh yeah. So
I would definitely say like we
literally like if he's awake, we have
like a list of things that we know to
get done with each other. We like one of
the things is like every day I try to
get some training in, right? I'm trying
to train up like filmers as well cuz
like you know I can't The reason why I'm
not in a lot of scenes is because like
I'm behind the camera filming and
directing. I trust no one but myself. So
you're literally holding holding the
camera. Oh, I'm holding the camera and
then like I'll like set on a tripod just
run into the scene or like have one of
my friends hold it and be like, "Hey,
just hold it like this. If I move,
please follow the camera." I'm like, if
I'm like pointing at like if I'm
pointing at this mosswis, whip it to the
mosa. And like they don't do and I'm
like, dude, like if I'm pointing at
something, you know that you you should
whip it to that. So, um, yeah, now I
spend a good amount of my day just like
training up people, uh, along with like,
you know, other things, right, to
prepare for where it's like, hey, uh,
we're going to work on a script from
this and this time. We're going to work
on a thumbnail from this to this time.
We're going to take the thumbnail at
this time. We're going to do video notes
at this time. We're going to do
voiceovers at this time. We're going to
film these five videos the next day,
these five shorts. Uh, we're going to
film our long form video over the
weekend and we still need to go to this
location to check it out to see if this
is the right location for it. Um, I'm
going to hop on the phone with the
contractor, tell them, hey, this is what
these are the tools that I'm going to
need to build my video. Um, and then I'm
going to run through the team of like
the script like, hey guys, this is what
you're this is your role in the video.
This is your lines here. This is what
we're doing. Depends on a video
honestly, right? But yeah, we have a
list of huge responsibilities and like
I'm not just saying this like we can
pretty much read each other's minds like
we know exactly what to do without
telling each other. So like it's we have
a notes thing where we kind of go
through have like a little checklist but
we technically don't need it. Like you
know he goes through and runs people
through and if I see he's already taking
care of the video I'm going to run
through take care of production. So,
it's it's amazing having that and I'm
like, "Okay, let me get a few more of
those to kind of where we only have to
do one thing and then I can finally
maybe play basketball more, maybe make
the NBA." Uh,
that dream's not over. Maybe if I was
like 68, but um um what was the biggest
disagreement you guys have gotten into?
Disagreement? We don't I don't think You
guys don't disagree. I don't think we've
ever we've never gotten into a fight
before. Like, I've never got into Never
gotten into a fist fight before. worst
that happens is on the basketball court.
I'm like, "Why'd you shoot that three? I
was open." Like, that is the worst
that's ever happened. There's never been
a disagreement about the creative
direction of a video. Nope. I mean, we
we we get really, you know, when we talk
like I I try not to ever yell. I don't
think I've ever yelled or cussed or like
Well, of course I cuss, but like I'm not
going to cuss at someone and just kind
of yell at the top of my lungs. I think
that's maybe happened like once or twice
my entire life, but I really try to make
it a rule to never get to that point
because there I always think there's
just if the goal is to get something
done,
there's you don't screaming versus not
screaming and arguing isn't going to
change the outcome. So that's just the
way I always think I try to be more
patient, you know, on days where he's
not as
uh when I know he's in that mood and
he's groggy, he's not feeling well, I
know to not like step on his toes. I
know, hey, it's okay. Like, don't worry
about it. I'll give him his space. I'll
go and figure it out without him. And I
think so, I genuinely mean we don't
really ever fight and ever uh yeah, of
course, we have small disagreements, but
hey, like why this? Why that? Hey, Alex,
come on. Like, you're being you're not
focusing right now. Let's come over
here. What's taking you so long? But
it's never like what the f like are you
doing you you know? Yeah. It's it's
funny because we've never been into a
fight with each other. never been in a
fight in real life ever either. So,
we're just very very non-confrontational
to each other. Yeah. And it's uh it's
hilarious because everyone thinks like
we always fight. They're like, "Oh,
you're twins. You have to fight. I
fought with my sibling." And I'm like,
"No, like the worst we've done is just
like maybe I'll just call him d call him
a dumbass on a basketball court for like
the worst it's ever gotten honestly is
on the basketball court where he does
something dumb and that's it." And it's
just like a thing or two like why'd you
do that? That's real. Yeah. Funny. I was
interviewing Dude Perfect and even they
talked about disagreements they had and
like they're five guys who aren't
related but they've spent so much time
together that they are like brothers.
You guys are literally brothers and yeah
it's interesting to hear. Um I'm
wondering were were tensions high after
you made that fake robbery video? Like
can you tell me about that because you
guys have like done a lot and turned
things around since then. Like tell me
about the fake robbery video. You guys
got arrested. Is that right? Um and like
like tell me about like that. So So
wait, Alex. Yeah. I guess what do you
think happened? You said you would love
I would love to hear like what you think
happened and I can we can we have not
been able to talk about it. It was one
of the things that were a that was able
to get us remonetized and I'm not even
sure if us talking about it could get us
demonetized. Okay. I'm not sure. But um
what I'd love to hear from your
perspective like what do you think
happened? We'll tell you exactly what
happened. Yeah. Yeah, it seemed like you
guys like faked a robbery, the police
got involved, you guys got taken in,
then YouTube got involved, and then they
demonetized your channel, but set the
record straight. Tell me if I'm wrong
there in that recollection or if there's
something that the public doesn't know.
Yeah. Well, right off the bat, nothing
happened until two years later, and
there wasn't an arrest or anything. Uh,
we got off with a warning because we
explained how So, it's funny because I I
called a week before um the Irvine
Police Department. how, hey, we're going
to be doing this video um where we're
kind of just walking up to people in
like ski mask or like just asking them
directions for the bank and once they
tell us the directions as we're having
this mid-con conversation, I'll be
putting on a ski mask and just walking
away after they give me the directions.
I'll come back like two, three minutes
later with a duffel bag full of fake
money and try to give them their share
just to just to get a reaction, right?
That was the main premise of the prank
and I thought it would be super helpful
and to kind of think ahead and be like,
"Hey, like maybe someone could call the
cops over this." So, we I called the
Irvine Police Department um the week
before. I called them the day before and
the day of to let them know, hey, we're
going to we're shooting this prank on
this day. And you proactively reached
out to police. Yeah, we even talked to
spoke to a dispatcher. We talked to the
um the campus police cuz there's we also
shot it at um University of Irvine. They
have their own police department there
as would talk to them, talk to
beforehand just cuz we've seen the video
online multiple times and they call like
anytime the cops like come in they're oh
yeah hey you're the guy that we received
the call on and I was like oh like we
should probably call too like yeah it's
a no-brainer to like call so they don't
you know they don't waste their
resources waste their time and that's
pretty much what we did. We even called
like during the pranks. Hey, we're still
going on. We said it was going to be for
an hour but it's going to be about 2
hours. Oh yeah yeah yeah of course. You
know talking to multiple people about it
on the phone with the police on the
phone on the phone with the police.
emergency non-emergency number talking
to the police and we're not on the phone
with 911 that's dispatch we're on the
phone with the actual police department
their office talking to multiple people
and you know we have the whole like body
cam of even the calls as well just to
keep us protected and pretty much we
were like I said I would go to bus stops
where it made sense for the people to
still be there a few minutes later and
just kind of mess with them like he said
it was I would go up to them and be like
hey where's the nearest bank at and I'm
I'm in full black right And a ski mask.
Not a ski mask yet. So like I'm there's
h I think there's one. And as I'm like
listening in on your conversation where
the nearest bank is I'm like putting on
my gloves and he's like why is this
person putting on gloves? And they're
making super funny faces. Yeah. It's
right down there. All right. And I'm
I'll be like, "All right, throw on my
mask. Thank you." And they'll be like,
"Wait, did I just give a guy directions
to the bank to rob the bank?" So I would
walk down the street like just maybe
like 50 feet away, come back 3 minutes
later with a duffel bag all calm and be
like, "Hey, would have never been able
to do it without you. Here's your
shirt." No man, I don't want any of
that. Like and some of them would know
it was a joke. It was like very to the
camera too and let them know. Be like
and some of the Hey, I know you're
recording, man. I see the cameraman up
there. I'm like, "Dang it." Like, but
yeah, where it got where it got out of
hand was it was outside of our
apartment. And let me I just want to
preface this by saying we were never
near a bank at all. Never even near a
bank. The nearest bank was I believe 2.3
miles away. There wasn't that scene
where you guys were going down the
stairs. That's the un that's outside the
community center at the univers at the
college. Yeah. That's not a bank. That's
a lecture hall. That clip was that was
taken by the news. Yeah, that's the
lecture hall where we ran down where it
made it look like a bank for the intro
shot. So that it just we're okay. What's
a good intro? Make it seem like we're
actually running up a bank like in the
Joker. the Joker making a bank heist.
So, okay, this building looks like a art
like a old ancient bank. So, we it's
actually like I think the auditorium.
So, we ran out of the auditorium for
that opener shot, clipped together
multiple scenes to make it look like
that one take. When we did that initial
rundown, there was I don't think there
was that many people there, but the
second angle we made it seem like there
was a lot of people that were running
through because it's a different
background. So, like it was a bunch of
clips like shots clipped together. But
regardless, the opener shot was outside
the um auditorium. So the nearest bank
was like I believe from the college was
like a few miles away from our apartment
was like two something miles away. So we
were nowhere near a bank. And like
that's if it's going to be near a bank
like not only am I not going to do that
for my own safety, but also for like
other people's safety as well. But yeah,
we were the part that I think a lot of
people saw and got upset about was we
were outside. It was different segments
of the prank, right? Like that first
segment was I told you asking people for
directions to the bank. That's the first
segment. Second segment and that's as
far as we got to was we were outsider um
we would call an Uber and run into the
Uber with duffel bags outside of our
apartment, right? So we would get these
Uber drivers to show up and we would
already be running into the car with
duffel bags and we only did it to one
Uber driver. We ran in and I was like go
go go and are you Allan? Yeah, I'm
Allan. I gotta go, man. and like, you
know, just kind of making it seem like
it's an emergency. And he was like, the
Uber driver, you could tell he really
wasn't messing with the prank. He was
like, um, I don't feel safe. Get out of
the car. And I was like, oh man, really?
He was like, yeah, please get out.
Immediately got out of the car. They had
a We have the whole thing on like it's
recording the whole time. Immediately
got out of the car. And what ended up
happening was the Newport police
responded to it. So, you know, you were
in Irvine. Yeah, we're in But we live
like next to John Wayne Airport, which
is like Yeah. 2 miles away from Newport
as well. So a different police
department responded to it and they sent
out like a patch of like I from my
memory the Newport police got involved
in it and then Irvine police also got
involved in it as well going like hey
like what like what is this prank came
up to us and told us hey the Uber driver
could have been pulled over at gunpoint.
Um, so it's a very dangerous prank what
you're doing. Also, like you're putting
your life at the line. And pretty much
like one of them recognized us and was
like, "Hey, like I see the videos you
guys make and one of the people is
actually the people that we spoke to
there as well." So, long story short,
that was filmed two years ago. And then
two years later, like we randomly see a
press release going like, "Hey, like the
DA is going to come after the Stokes
Twins for doing this robbing a bank."
And there were all these headlines that
we saw where it was like, you know, I
get it. It's the news. They're like all
trying to out clickbait each other. One
news station said we went inside a bank,
shot it up, and then said it was a
prank. We have people saying we pulled
the Uber driver, held the Uber driver at
gunpoint. Um, and at the end of the day,
like YouTube demonetizes over it all
over the press coverage. Over the press
coverage. We never went, we never never
approached by the police. The only time
we were approached by arrested. No, no,
we were never approached by the police
other than inside the prank when the
Newport police showed up was like, "Oh,
like one of them recognizes." Oh, it's
you guys. Like, and then one I believe
he was like more of a senior officer. He
wasn't part of the call, but he was
like, "Hey, like can I speak to you
candidly? Like what you're doing is
stupid, you know, like you're putting
your life at the line. You could be
putting other people's life at the
line." Like, and also that's for other
YouTubers to think that's a piece of
content that's okay. Yes. Yes. Yes. Of
course. Of course. And and
yeah, I just know I just remember seeing
that press release. YouTube, we
immediately got demonetized from
YouTube. They wanted to charge us with
uh kidnapping an Uber driver. Um which I
was like, okay, holding an Uber driver
hostage. I was like, okay, like they're
never going to be able to get that
footage. But they really really wanted
that. They really really wanted that.
And YouTube was like, hey, like that's a
felony charge. We're not going to
remonetize you with a felony. like even
as like an alleged felony. Yeah. So, the
only way you can get out of it is it's a
misdemeanor. So, we I was like, "Hey,
I'm innocent. I'm going to take this to
trial." Yeah. They kept filing motions
to like delay it. And after 6 months, I
was like, "This is during co This is
during co by the way, like this is
postco." And we didn't film a prank
during co we filmed it way it was like I
want to say seven years ago when we
filmed a prank. It was one of our first
pranks we ever filmed.
And basically during during COVID, every
single time they filed a motion, it
would push the court date back by like 3
to 6 months. And they just kept doing it
repeatedly because they didn't want us
to be monetized on YouTube. Not the DA
didn't. Why? Why? Why did Why would the
DA have they wanted to send an example?
The Neelk boys also lived in Irvine and
they were also like doing prankster as
well. Like they were the whole like they
brought they even brought the milk boys
during like the deposition stuff like or
our lawyer would be like, "Hey, this
guy's after the Milk Boys as well. They
want to set an example that Irvine's
going to be safe. there's going to be no
pranksters in Irvine. Yeah. Because
Irvine's like, you know, regarded as one
of the safest cities in the world. So,
they wanted to keep that reputation.
They wanted to set the president, hey,
if you're going to mess around in
Irvine, we're going to lay down a law on
you. So, they want really wanted to make
an example out of YouTubers. So,
unfortunately, that happened to be us.
But after the motion got filed like
three different times, we were
demonetized for six months. I was like,
"Hey, like if this goes to trial, even
though I know we'll be proven innocent,
it's going to take two years to get to
trial. I we're not making a dime off of
YouTube. We're not making a dime off of
Instagram." And that's during the same
time period when I had our thumbnail guy
like um you know, just put our face at
everything was hitting at once. So, we
were like, "Dang, like we're just trying
to like you know, have a little bit of
leftover money trying to cut down on the
costs." Um, we even let go like, you
know, one guy because we couldn't afford
him because we were didn't make a dime
at the time. So, we were AdSense was the
main way you guys were making money. We
were Yeah, that's the only way we made
our money. So, we just I just didn't
think it would take that long. So, we
Hey, it made more sense to um take a
plea deal and not wait 2, three years
when it goes to trial, even though we
will win. And it was just kind of
sitting there goes like, "But we're
pleading guilty to something we didn't
do,
but we definitely needed the money to
like be able to make money again from
YouTube because that's our only source
of income." So, because taking the plea
would mean that the like demonetization
would be lifted sooner. Yes. Cuz we
would plead down to a misdemeanor.
That's what they were I think they've
never lost the case, the DA, and he
wanted to keep a perfect record. So,
technically by us pleading guilty, it
would mean that he won the case. So
basically that's that was their game
plan. They wanted to say like, "Hey,
like we got you. Anyone else who's going
to do this, same thing is going to
happen to you." And yeah, I guess fast
forward like when we did plead guilty,
we had to plead guilty to I believe it
was reporting a false emergency, which
isn't what we did. They said that we
called the cops to get the cops to show
up for the video so the video would seem
more epic. We never did that. It's the
our neighbor called the cops, you know,
thinking that oh, like what's going the
Uber
driver is doing something weird. There's
a sketchy there's a sketchy Uber driver
because but you guys get driver. The
getaway driver. Yeah, the getaway but
you guys were there with a mask with
money. Like he had a reason to be
alarmed. Yeah. So we we told all these
people it was a prank afterwards, too.
It's not like we tell them and they just
like wander off on the end of the day
like, "Oh my god, like does someone just
rob a bank?" Like we tell these people
it's a prank. But yeah, long story
short, we plead guilty and we were
remonetized on YouTube. But the press
that was there was like a second round
of press that was like Stokes Twins
plead guilty to uh robbing a bank.
Stokes twins plead guilty to uh
reporting a false emergency. It's just,
you know, these headlines really all
trying to like out clickbait each other.
But I, you know, looking back at it, it
is a dumb prank to do. But we
did take the, you know, proper
precautions, you know, like considering
other people safety, our own safety. Um,
you know, I believe that parts of the
video were harmless. And I believe that
parts of the video, like getting into
the Uber driver, like it could scare the
Uber driver, right? But like as far as
going up to someone, asking for
directions to the bank, like I think
that part was like pretty lighthearted.
And I just do not like how it was really
really spun out of proportion on us
walking inside a bank shooting it up. Um
then you know there's that whole like
before that there's this whole stigma of
like YouTubers it's a prank bro it's
just a prank bro you can get away with
anything and you know that's definitely
not what happened but at the same time
too was something very dumb that we did
but yeah definitely way blown out of
proportion and we definitely definitely
paid a price for it. Yeah. And yeah, you
know, to this day like gave us a lot of
to think about when we were demonetized.
Yeah. Obviously that uh like bank
robbery prank was dumb and like um but
you're saying like there's nothing else
that happened there that no like like
false reporting an emergency like you
guys. Yeah. They were saying that we
called 911 to get the cops to show up.
Uh wasting resources for like, you know,
obviously an intro shot of a video where
like we're robing outside a bank and
there's you guys were running like out
of a university. Now everybody thought
it was a bank. Everyone thought it was a
bank for Yeah. And it's what we wanted
for the entertainment, right? Like you
know the the the Joker driving the bus
out of the bank like that's an amazing
shot, right? Like and you see the cops
chasing him right after him. Oh wow,
that's such a great hook to the opener
of a movie. We were trying to recreate
that as well where it's like we're
running out of a bank um you know a fake
bank, but obviously um that's what
people thought that we were doing by
they said that we called the cops to
have them show up to the scene when we
called the cops to let them know
multiple days before, hey, we're doing a
prank. This is my full name. This is how
we look like. You know, just talk to
multiple people about it. Just kind of
so they didn't waste their resources.
But unfortunately, that is something we
had to plead guilty to. And why not why
not address it? Because like hearing
your side like when I was trying to
research for this interview like it's
all their side, you know, like
everything I found like they're taking
your clips like I know again the context
of it and and and the prank was like,
you know, it's it's it's a like it's
pretty dumb prank, but but like hearing
you explain it, I have more of an
understanding that I didn't and you guys
have such a huge platform like why not
come out and be like exactly what you
said like there there's more nuance to
it. I I really believe in like well to
me like I think it's more so like not
reliving the past. I think when I'm
repeating it like I try to move on with
my life cuz like if I'm just dwelling on
the past I feel like I'm missing like
the present in the future and it's just
to me like reliving that just reminds me
of a really crappy time in my life and I
just I just personally don't like to
talk about we're super private people
too. Yeah. And it's just I just I'm just
not the kind of person to share
overshare. I feel like we're just we're
creators. We just want to make
entertaining videos and it's just not
something I think I it's like worth like
sharing even like I don't really there's
a lot of things people don't know about
us, right? So that's just we're super
like honestly we're very introverted.
were private people and me I just my
personal choice was to just not even you
know like me like I'm kind of against
him sharing this whole story too cuz
like I'm just kind of reliving
everything. It's kind of like making me
feel a little bit like weird. So it's
just like I definitely don't um like
reliving the past if that makes sense
because it really takes away
um from my main focus in the future. But
of course it's like one of these things
where it's like oh like why not address
it? Cuz I really, me personally, like I
don't care if people like I'm not over
here trying to impress like a random
neighbor going, "Oh, so you didn't rob
the bank. You want to come in and have
coffee? Hell yeah. Now I just made a new
friend. Like I don't really care." I
appreciate you guys even talking about
it. Like I I know that's hard. I also
think people who haven't heard your side
of it are going to think differently
about it. Um and uh I I think the more
remarkable thing is like how far you
guys have come since then, you know, and
like what you built and like looking
around. Um, was there a moment after
that you're like, "Okay, things are
turning around, like we're really like
on the up and up." Like we talked about
like that moment. Um, yeah. I mean, when
we were demonetized, like I feel like
the smart thing to do would have been
like, "Hey, look, let's post on other
other platforms to make money." Yeah.
But to us is it wasn't like about making
money with YouTube. Like we genuinely
love making YouTube videos. Like when I
say like we love making videos, we
genuinely do. So, it's like we just
wanted to like keep posting for our
audience. And also, even though at that
point you weren't making money, we
weren't making a dime. We consistently
still posted um a week. And of course,
we had to scale back on a few things and
kind of cut out like, you know, costs
and, you know, be more hands-on. And I
think that's also what taught us to be a
lot more hands-on. Yeah. As well, like
every single little uh part of the way.
But no, I I definitely think
um that situation
just it you know gave us a lot of
perspective and we kind of like figured
out hey like what do we do? Do we still
keep posting videos? And you know that
conversation was had but I was like
absolutely like we love posting videos
like why would we stop? We posted videos
when we were like little kids without
making any money like I love posting
videos why would we stop? So, of course,
like you know, it was never about the
money to us. It was more so like the
passion and making videos. And that just
I just didn't want that to stop like at
all. So, that was um definitely
something that
I remembered and just wanted to like
keep doing. Or tell me about that day
where you guys were remonetized again
and like thinking about like, you know,
using that money to build the team and
like like almost like the next chapter
of the Stokes Twins. How guys, how were
you guys thinking about that after you
got your monetization back and Oh, I
mean, right when we were remonetized, I
think you can see like the huge spike in
views where it's like, you know, right
now we we're we're costefficient when it
comes to like certain things, but back
then we were to the point where it's
like, hey, like we could use couple
hundred, couple thousand dollars extra
to make this more, you know, epic. And I
believe a few months after we were um
remonetized, I think our views like 5xed
and it's just
It was definitely
uh we definitely used a lot of you know
we didn't stop posting obviously so we
were getting better each video and then
when we combined that with you know
thinking of hey how do we actually
elevate this video by spending more like
just figuring out like what exactly can
we do to make it like elevate this piece
of content for the viewer. Yeah. The
main thing is we were just able to kind
of like, you know, if we wanted to get
uh we we got this Kevin Hart voice
imitator who was going viral on Tik Tok,
we flew him out to be in our video. And
that's something we wouldn't have been
able to afford at the time when we were
demonetized. So, we were just kind of
posting as normal, but we were able to
do like, hey, like we can finally go to
the trampoline park, rent the trampoline
park out or uh get this actor to come
out here and be in our video, right? So
we were just posting like everything was
normal and you know we just like I said
we didn't think too much of it. We just
wanted to move past it. It was a very
hard time in our life. So we definitely
posted like nothing ever happened. So
just scaled up in a way that we weren't
able to beforehand financially. Yeah. Uh
I want to ask about a big turning point
in February of 2024 because I pulled up
this graph that I want to share with you
guys. For years, you were getting like a
few million views per day, and then in
February 2024, it skyrocketed to you
guys averaging 50 million views per day.
What What happened? What What changed?
View bots. I'm joking.
You're not. Okay, now it sounds
suspicious, Alex. I thought you Okay.
Well,
our goal like for every year is to try
something new. And originally in 2023
going into 2024, we wanted to try to
globalize our content more. And we
always thought we our content really
appealed to mass audience. And I know
like uh with that in mind, we definitely
wanted to try dubbing and making our
content more globalized. Well, tell tell
me about So, how did you make it more
globalized? Because I think dubbing a
lot of people know about like what did
you guys do to like did you guys like
try to speak less in your videos or like
what what else did you because that's
that's a crazy jump. I definitely want
to say that we filmed some videos that
were very targeted towards dubbing,
which was like which country has the
best school lunch. Um, uh, which country
country competes for this that where
it's just more like appealable on the
homepage. When you see it, you're a new
follower from like a different country.
And I definitely would say like our
content is a little bit more globalized,
right? I feel like if you look at what
videos are doing well globally, I feel
like challenges play a huge part of
that. Um, vlogs, pranks, that definitely
plays like a huge part in it as well.
That along with um I do want to mention
that we also got a new editing team as
well, right? So literally we got a new
editor in February who kind of really
understood like our vision, what we
wanted to do in the videos, someone who
specialized a little more in editings,
graphics, uh VFX, 3D and he was really
help able to help us storytell our
videos a lot better on the way that we
wanted to um you know better retention,
better storytelling, better graphics,
really elevating our video to like the
next level. So I think that combined
with like dubbing tracks really really
helped um with the huge boost in views
as you can see. Yeah. And then just
around this time, like another graph
that I thought was fascinating was your
subscriber count. This is from view
stats. You guys jumped from around 15
million subscribers around February 2024
to again 110 million because of all the
things you said, which is fascinating to
see. Yeah. You said from 15 million.
Yeah. 15 million to 111. Wait, so we've
grown 100 million subscribers this year?
I had no clue. I mean, wait, look at
your Can you pull up your YouTube
studio? I had no clue we grew that much.
Oh my god. I really didn't know. I had
no clue. Wow. I had no clue that we were
Yeah. Look at Look at your past year,
your past 365 days. Jeez. 85 million.
85.3 million in last 365 days. Wow.
Oh my god. Okay. Well, I thought it was
the number was closer to 50 cuz I we
don't we don't really necessarily other
stats on there that like kind of jump
out on your YouTube studio. Can you
share your AdSense? Oh, AdSense.
I mean, it's amazing how far you guys
have come. Like I I want you to guess
what her ass is. Man, you guys are It's
It's so interesting because it's like I
feel like you guys are doing crazy
views, but I also wonder wonder about
the CPMs. Yeah, the January. Let's keep
that in mind, too. January. Well, for
the Okay, the last 365 days. Um Oh, last
365 days. Last 365 days. Oh, god. Wait,
do we want to just throw that out there
for the world to know? Over uh 10
million. 10 million. Under five million.
5 million. Uh 2.5 million. 2.5 million.
Yeah. So on AdSense alone, he's joking.
I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. No,
but it's under 10 million in between
five million. Five. Five to 10 million.
Between 5 to 10 million in AdSense last
year. Yeah. Wow. That's wild. That's
wild. Yeah. How does that feel like
making5 to$10 million on YouTube AdSense
alone after coming from, you know,
basically being home? Wow. Like we it's
honestly like a blessing. like we love
what we do and just being able to like
do wake up every day, you know, have
like obviously we have a huge passion
for what we do. It's like, you know,
there's people always ask me like, "Oh,
do you need a do you need time off?" I'm
like, "No, like I I love doing this.
This is my hobby. This is like my joy."
So to be able to make a living out of
this and that much of a living from it
is just truly a blessing. So it's it's
incredible. Incredible. It's incredible.
Can you tell me about your time in AMP,
the creator collective founded by Brent
Rivera? You guys were part of that. you
guys made videos with him and his crew
for many years. Rewind the clock like
why did you guys join that group instead
of you know making content on your own?
Yeah. Um I think that takes us back to
like I guess during that time when we
first came out here trying to make it on
our own. Um I believe this was
like even I think this was 6 months
after we did try to do social media on
our own. Um
we were obviously uh we were homeless.
we needed like um support and after like
our first like breakthrough like
Instagram videos, Instagram pictures
that really went viral, Brent stumbled
upon some of them along with other
creators, right? Um you know, there were
like multiple people who were like
popular at the time.
Uh shoot like pretty much like all of
them like approached us at the time.
Like who? Um like this is Jake Paul Team
10 era, right? Yeah. It's just more so
like a lot of groups approached us. They
were in your DMs offering you deals to
sign with them. Yes. Yes. And even
handing us contracts, but the one that
made the most sense to us at the time
was AMP. And you know,
we signed with them hopefully wanting to
get, you know, you know, like a place to
stay, uh, like a content group to film
with. And at the end of the day, it's
just, you know, our time there, we did
learn a lot, like, you know, seeing
another creator who had done it for all
these years. And definitely we were able
to kind of see and learn and almost felt
like an internship, right? where I'm
able to be, oh my god, this is the whole
creator economy. This is what creators
do. This is how creators mingle, like
these are how creators interact with
other creators. This is how they make
content and this is how they think. And
I was able to kind of see what I liked
and what I didn't liked. And I guess
after a few years, uh, we just, you
know, wasn't the right fit for us. And
we kind of, we're more so lone was. We
like thinking our own. We like doing
things on our own. We like having our
own team, own people that we can train
up, which is why we have such a lean
team. But yeah, at the end of the day,
we kind of um you know, it was a
definitely a great learning experience
from them and we were kind of able to
take that and apply that knowledge to
like our parts of like what we do and
yeah, I think we were with them for
roughly two years. Three years. Three
years around three years. Yeah. What was
the most surprising thing you guys
learned during that time? How much money
you can make from social media? Really?
Yeah. How much Yeah. How like this is an
actual living, right? Like ways to
monetize like through content, right?
Like, you know, I always associated I
always thought like, you know, you just
kind of do it and you have followers and
you only make money from brands, but
there's monetization from YouTube,
there's uh brand deals you can get from
Instagram, there's brand deals you can
get from Tik Tok. And just being able to
like see that really was like, oh my
god, this is a you can make a real
living off of this. And that's precisely
what we did with it. What was the
offering like what what did like a lot
of a lot's been said about like these
creator groups like like some are super
helpful, some are not. they sell you a
big dream? Like what what did they offer
you? Did they say we're going to put you
in this many cross promotions of other
people in the group who have tens of
millions of followers? Did they say
we're going to source brand deals for
you? Like what what made you guys say
like, "Oh, this is going to help us
versus doing it on our own." Because
obviously right now you guys are super
successful as lone wolves. Yeah, I mean
that's precisely what it is. Uh there's
a group of people um that you can like
collaborate with, you know, other
creators or other people that will be
under Brent um like Lexi and Ben.
Um, yeah, those people where you can
kind of just like collaborate with them,
make content with them, you know, kind
of, you know, and just hang out with
them as friends, right? And also there
is like a manager um that Brent had who
would source us deals if the opportunity
ever came. And I think that right there
was very very appealing to us. We were
like, okay, like we would have access to
Brent to help us grow. We would have um
access to a manager to get us some
deals. And that at the end of the day
was like, "Okay, this makes most most
sense for us." Yeah. And I guess
culturally like, you know, we don't
drink, we don't like do smoke or any of
that. And he was the same way. And the
bunch of other groups, they're very into
like party heavy. So that's just wasn't
like that's not what I was trying to do.
I've never really enjoyed that. And when
I saw that my vision was align, Brent's
vision was also that, I was like, "Oh my
god, like I want someone who's going to
help us grind." So that's what ended up
making us go with Brent. Not necessarily
like the brand deals, people inside of
it, but just his goals and the kind of
person he was. Yeah. Where it's just
like we're going to grind. We're going
to do this. We're going to do that and
I'm going to learn a lot from it. So
that's what made us go with him. Yeah.
You can add Oh, yeah. Just like the
ecosystem having creators there and just
surrounding yourselves with people who
also want to make content as well. Just
like taking as an opportunity to learn
and use others to kind of be in, you
know, help them and vice versa. just
kind of I just thought like the
ecosystem there was definitely appealing
and yeah, we definitely learned a lot
from that. So that was one of the main
reasons why. Yeah. What was the
trade-off like what cut did they take of
your revenue? I do not think we're
allowed I don't think we're allowed to
share that. Yeah. I mean, is is it would
it like just do you want to know
personally or I mean, I'm just curious
because I know a lot of creators who
enter these agreements and some are
really happy with it, but some like
become too big for what they initially
agree to leads to resentment. So, I'm
just curious like um yeah, it's just
complicated a lot of these deals, but
you don't have to share the numbers. No,
of course. Like, so whenever money gets
involved, I feel like everyone that's
when things it always gets messy. And of
course when you're like going into at
such a such a young age like people do
have resentment but you know as you get
older you realize hey like everyone's
living life for the first time. We're
all learning and I just don't really
hold any bad blood for anyone in that
regard. But yeah it's just it got to a
point where the money u we were
splitting just didn't make sense at all
because we were um really operating
outside of not really utilizing their
resource resources or their team. And it
just made so much more sense to kind of
have things um build our own schedule,
build our own team. Yeah. And just kind
of
uh go from there. But of course, you
know, we things we learned there and all
that was definitely uh super valuable.
Yeah. And I think there's a lot to be
said about like these content houses
like you know Team 10, AMP um they've
been around YouTube for a while but I
think a lot of people think like oh the
members of those groups like they have
to be members of that group for life but
that's not true. I view them more as
like Saturday Night Live you know like
SNL you guys come in you're like there
for a bit and then you go on your own
and you graduate which it sounds like
you guys have done. Yeah. Yeah. I think
the difference between like the group
that we were in versus like them um I
think they all get like uh have like a
certain ownership of the channel where
it's like you know if they leave they
kind of don't get that anymore right
like yeah they all get like a certain
percentage of the channel. Wait they all
get rev. Yeah it's all like split like
pretty evenly I think. Oh interesting. I
don't know if that's still the case
anymore with like a lot of these like
groups that have been around. I'm not
going to name any specific ones, but
obviously, you know, when you're when
you own a certain percentage of like,
you know, a successful channel, like it
would be not a wise move to leave.
Unless you're unless you have like your
own channel that is more successful
that, hey, if I dedicated more of my
time to my own channel, I could be
making this much more and I would be,
you know, more so free and doing what I
love to do and make more money, which
ultimately is what happened to us. Yeah.
And it just made more sense for us to do
our own thing, have our own schedule,
have our own team and not be tied down
to like their schedule and like appear
in everyone's content because that would
eat up a lot of our time. Like I was
believed like we were not able to make
like certain videos because of the fact
that we had a certain schedule that we
had to go to, had to make ourselves
available for collaborations, like
mandatory collaborations. So, at the end
of the day, it made more sense for us to
just kind of do off do our own thing,
make our own videos, and just start up
our own team. Yeah. So, that that makes
sense. And and you know, Brent deserves
a lot of credit for building that up and
like a lot of people try, but he's done
it um you know, with a lot of different
creators and for many years now. So, um
that's interesting like the economics of
it. So, were you guys given like you
don't have to say how much, but like a
rev share of like other creators or that
it it was just No, no, no. It was just
uh you know everything that essentially
we owned and created would be shared.
Yes. Mhm. Got it. Got it. Like what's
your relationship with Brent Rivera now?
Uh we're still you know um you know like
we I regularly text Ben. We you know we
actually saw him at the spotter summit.
We had some you know we created a lot of
core memories together. Right. So it's
just uh one of these things where you
know just because we lost touch doesn't
mean
like there's any like bad blood. But
with just when with any opportunities,
yeah, I'm going to be excited to see
like Ben or like someone else where it's
hey like you know we we were both young
experiences journey together and you
know I'm of course I'm going to be
excited to see someone who reminds me of
my past and it's just yeah it's just one
of these things where it's very
uh reminiscing seeing how just reminds
me of when we were times were more
simple we were younger and you know
we're also trying to learn and and do
the same thing together. So, yeah. Yeah.
Today, Forbes lists your net worth at
$20 million.
I would love to speak. Is that accurate
or is your net worth higher, lower? Like
what do you think about that number? If
you want to like like I guess calculate
accum like accumulative earnings like
everything we've earned, I would say
it's accurate. But in terms of like
liquid and all these things and fact
that we like reinvest a lot of our um
into like payroll into like a bunch of
you know everything we have it's
just I would say it's not accurate but
it is accurate in terms of like
everything I guess we've made in our
lifetime like everything we've generated
from AdSense or whatever what have you
right but no in terms of like hey like
let me buy a private jet like that kind
of money I'm like nope
That is not uh Yeah, it's not. Let's
long story. It's not accurate. It's not
accurate. It's not accurate. Yeah. Yeah.
I wish I wish. Um how much are you guys
spending per month? Because it seems
like you're reinvesting a ton in your
account. You mentioned payroll. Like I
would love you to kind of just What do
you think it is? What do I love this
little pop quiz back and
forth over $150,000 a month? That's our
You think that's our um I guess on
videos or everything just on video like
um our team our payroll like how much
money bank account every month on
average? Oh on on leaves our bank
account so everything in general right?
Well like we don't ever like buy
anything for ourselves. I think the suit
was like the most expensive thing we
bought for ourselves. No no no. Um yeah.
So like we don't we don't have any
designer stuff. We don't ever buy
anything for ourselves at all. like
given this is a very nice luxurious
house but at the end of the day it's all
for content right so um shoot like I
don't want this number to be spun out of
proportion but counting everything what
leaves our bank account I would say 90
probably
908% of that is all in our business
each year we probably spend around $10
million on our videos just to run
everything yeah the last three years has
Roughly that wait here I I want to make
sure I heard that right. How much do you
spend a year on videos? The last three
years we spent roughly 30 million on our
videos. So roughly 10 a year. Um some
months it's like a million. Some months
it's 500. Depends on Wow. Yeah. It's to
me I'm like payroll. I sit down I sit
down. I want to know what you're paying
them. I open up I open up my own I look
at the I look at my bank account. I'm
looking off through all these like PDFs
and I'm like, where in the hell am I
spending this much money at? And I look
down, I'm like, "Oh my god." Okay. Like,
so to build this was like $22,000. Uh to
to do this was like 15,000. Like, and
I'm like, "Okay, like that really really
adds up, right?" Like um and like I
honestly like I thought a huge portion
of that was like electricity. like
electricity for this house is only like
I think like what like under a,000 like
electricity, water, all of that. It's
like under a,000. So you'd imagine it's
a lot more cuz it's a pretty big house.
So I was like okay like I got to be
spending this much on like electricity,
water, gas, all of these things. But
like I said like 98% of that is all like
video costs, right? Like the team um we
do have some very high level employees
that we do pay like a premium rate to.
Um and just you know uh video costs. Uh
yeah, I would definitely say it's like
um the payroll is definitely payroll is
definitely like the biggest biggest
chunk of it. And what's the rough makeup
of your team? Mostly editors or I saw a
ton of folks in there. I would say
definitely the biggest cost is um
editors. Yeah.
uh then
production
then right now we have like I said like
people that I'm training up as well and
a lot of them are from like you know
different parts of like the world so
obviously having to pay for like their
stay um you know food um their salary as
well
so I would definitely say payroll just
payroll alone probably makes up four
million a year probably for four to
Yeah, I would say four million a year
just payroll right now. And you're
fueling this through YouTube AdSense
purely AdSense. Well, how many I I
looked through your past videos. I
couldn't find a brand deal. Yeah. Like
how many brand deals would you say
you've done in the past three, four
years? I think we've done maybe like
three or four. One a year. Is that like
cuz they're not coming in or because you
guys aren't reaching out? I would
definitely say like we turned down
majority of the brand deals. I just kind
of almost see it as like a I Okay, so it
depends on if it's a good fit or not.
We're very selective on who we work
with. And I just almost view it as like,
hey, if it's not a good fit, my fans are
going to be it at oh like that's a
obviously like when you put an ad in a
video like people like to say like oh
like this many people I'm able to do it
like and keep this many people on.
That's never the truth. Um, it's
definitely like a lower point in the
video and we're just super super
critical in our videos and I know for a
fact that hey like here's how much the
brand deal is going to make me here's
how much more I would make from the
video if it were have to have if it were
to have this watch time if it were to
have this click-through rates um these
analytics that and I kind of factor in
okay over a fiveyear course like I maybe
I'm making an extra this much money from
the brand deal which counting factor my
time communicating with the and doing
this if it's not the right fit, it's not
a right partnership, it's just almost
not worth it to us. But given like we
have been approached by like you know we
have done like a few brand deals over
the years that we think are good fits um
as well. So it's just like I said it's
I believe that right now we have a lot
of fresh followers. We just grew a lot a
lot and we have the trust of our
followers. So not only do I want it to
be a good fit for the brand. I don't
want to disappoint the brand but I also
don't want to disappoint my fans. I
don't want to I don't want to just kind
of force them to like, you know, sit
through an ad read, you know, cuz that's
the part I get most annoyed at in
someone's video. I'm like, okay, like
I'm fast forwarding that part. When I
see it in other people's videos, but if
it's the right fit, if it's an organic
placement in a video, like absolutely
that makes sense, right? So, that's the
way we see it as. But, you know, over
the last few months,
we've pretty close to closing out like a
few partnerships that I think definitely
make a lot of sense in our content.
So yeah, it's kind of just back to like
us not thinking it's worth our time or
not a great fit. What's the biggest
brand deal you've said no to?
Shoot. I think like 120 million. I'm
making this up.
Um that's Wait, that that's a good
question. That's a very good question.
Um cuz like all of this happened really
recently like like our growth. So, of
course, we have like new grades with,
you know, I feel like we're worth.
But the the the funny thing is a lot of
these brands like when they come to us,
they're like think that we're still at
like 20 30 mil. Yeah. Like they don't
know that in the last few nine months
we've grown like 80 to 90 million
subscribers. Right. So, they're like
they don't know our views. They're like,
"Oh, you guys are still getting 20
million views a video." Right. Like over
time. and um averaged out like you know
in the last I want to say last like 10
11 months like we're averaging close to
100 million views per video given give
it like a few months but we've had a few
like I would say like a seven figure
deal where I'm like hey like like based
on these posting requirements it just
really wouldn't be worth my time and I
don't think it's a great fit for like
our audience either. So, we're just
super super like selective with the
brands and especially this year too when
we do find that right brand and right
partnership. We're also so hands-on in
the creative process as well where it's
hey like I know if this is going to be
the right fit, we can create that
spectacle and really drive um excitement
about the product or whatever it is that
we're trying to advertise. So, it's just
more so like being careful about that
because I just never at any point since
we're so like hyper, you
know, specific on like our retention. We
just don't want any like low points. And
if we can find a way to really think of
a creative solution and hey, like we can
find we can do like the ad read here or
like a super organic placement right
here throughout the videos. And just
finding like the best conversion for us
and for the brand is definitely uh
something we're super focused on when it
is when we do find like the right brand
we do want to work with. I mean the way
you guys think about retention is
fascinating. I was watching a lot of
your shorts and without fail you almost
always have a call to action to
subscribe. Um but it's well done. What's
the most subscribers you've gotten from
a short? Shoot. Oh um there's multiple
ones where it's like over a million like
from multiple ones. Yeah. Yeah. Um, how
do you think about that? Cuz like it's
almost like, you know, like you could
take time for a brand deal, you could
take time for your own call to action
for subscribing. Like how do you think
about um like breaking up the story to
say subscribe or do you guys have any
tips or tricks to integrate like the
subscribe call to action in your shorts?
Yeah, we typically try to tie it in with
like what we're doing in the video,
right? Like we went to this um park in
the Philippines. It was it's called Dino
Island. It's called Dino Island. And
there's this like these dinosaurs bite
you. This gorilla punches you right and
it punches them in the face. And um
pretty much I was like okay
like punch that subscribe button. I mean
like it's like feels like you know it's
kind of like word play and it's oh my
god like during the replay we're like
you know saying like punch that
subscribe button and it's just I feel
like that's just more of like an organic
fit where it's not like us after the
video standing there going like hey
thank you guys so much for watching.
Make sure you're subscribed blah blah
blah blah blah which is what we used to
do. I was, "Oh my god, like why did no
one watch that part? It's a huge dip."
So, we just found ways to make it a
little bit more organic. And it's like,
it's not too much thought process of it,
but like, you know, it depends on what
we're doing, right? Like getting
punched, punch that subscribe button.
Um, it's just I just feel like it's just
more word play and thinking of creative
call uh ways for like calls to action as
opposed to like just straight up saying
subscribe. And I think that's like
that's also important because when I'm
watching something like that and let's
say let's say like he filmed the shorts
without me knowing I'll watch it I'm
like oh like that didn't feel annoying
that subscribe gimmick and vice versa
like we're you know we'll watch and
we're like okay that's more of like a
self-aware sort of um call to action.
We're just kind of putting that word in
their head and you know of course it
definitely converts a bit better for us
versus not saying subscribe versus not
saying subscribe is like like five times
difference. Yeah. Let's say typically
you only earn like 100,000 subscribers.
Yeah. If you say subscribe, it can be
anywhere between five to 10 times the
difference. Oh wow. Literally just
saying the word. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my
god. Or I mean not just straight up
saying the word, but like if you find a
really organic placement for it. That is
I would say. Yeah. I pulled this video
where I thought the intro was just a
master class in getting people's
attention. I was wondering if you could
play it, pause it, break down what you
guys did and have the script in front of
you guys as well. Today I'm building a
secret 7-Eleven in my room and hiding it
from my twin brother. He says, "We don't
look like twins anymore because of my
recent weight gain." So, he started a
90day Okay, so first of all, the intro
shot, right? So, we always think of a
way to like All right, like first off,
right? When you click on a video, like
especially when it comes to secret room,
we always think of all right, like what
YouTubers haven't done like um certain
like, you know, spots. For example, like
the one we did with the five secret
rooms, we were no one's ever done one
underneath the floor under a bed or at
least to my knowledge. So, we wanted to
do that. So we're okay that's not only
does that fit like okay that's super
visual and that's something no one's
ever done and that was the same thought
process behind the intro shot for the uh
7-Eleven where it's oh it's a Mona Lisa
painting something everyone you know and
that's the part that's super important
too where it's like it's not just a
painting of a random person it's also
something that people worldwide know
about so when we're like right off the
bat you're like okay like what is this
and it's like a secret entrance to a
7-Eleven and 7-Eleven is also super
global as So, it's like we're combining
these things and really thinking like,
okay, how do we get the hook? Like I
mentioned that secret interest, oh my
god, okay, that's super impressive. And
then 7-Eleven, people are familiar with
that. And you know, the weight gain,
people always comment about like, okay,
Alex is gaining a lot of weight. And
it's Yeah, I was I was surprised you put
that in the video. Like, there's been
rumors you've been gaining weight also
for like the retention jokes. Like, is
there There's been rumors. I mean, I
think it's it's not a rumor. It's all
the comments. all the comments. I think
I think it's the truth. You're gaining
weight to increase your YouTube
retention. Yes. No. No, of course not.
No, it's just a it's you
like that's a whole thing. You know,
it's uh I definitely would say that it's
really really um just the last 2020 2023
to 2025 now. I you know, when you're
your own boss, like you feel like you
can never do enough work, right? and
it's like, "Oh, I could work out or I
could spend an hour improving my intro
to my video or sitting there with the
editors teaching them what I want um or
training up a someone new and help have
having them understand what it is that I
do." And it's just like a never- ending
um I feel like I never can do enough.
And it's like, okay, like I'm my own
limit, if that makes sense, right?
However long I work, however much I work
is going to be put back in a video. It's
going to show in like the the views.
It's going to show in like in our
business. It's going to show in all
those aspects. So, um I've kind of my
health has kind of been like a side
hustle to me recently to where I just
kind of eat Postmates, eat Door Dash. It
just comfort food. Yeah. Just it's just
more convenient. It saves me time. I'm
able to eat and talk as opposed to like
cook my own food like I used to. And
obviously when we were homeless, like
there was no food to eat, right? So, I
was a lot, you know, skinnier then.
Wasn't able to. So, I've been introduced
to a lot of uh amazing Postmates Door
Dash food. And throughout the years, a
lot of our fans have noticed like, hey,
like they don't look like twins anymore.
Like, and it did hurt my feelings
initially, but now I kind of just play
into it. I'm like, hey, like, you know,
I don't, you know, I know I'm I know I'm
fat now, so might as well just play into
it. Um, you still look great, man. Yeah.
Yeah. But tell me more about the
intention be behind each of the words in
each of the shots because I also saw
this interesting post from Mario Juice
who worked with you guys. Oh yes. Yeah.
He said that um in his post he said you
guys had 18page scripts for your videos
where everything was thought out. So I
know we're talking about the intro but
like what's in those 18 page scripts
that makes your videos go so viral?
Yeah. I mean, it's just it comes
ultimately from studying like our
retention, right? With it's I I would
say our best planned videos, the ones
that have gotten the most viral are the
ones where we're able to like capitalize
on multiple times, right? Some videos
are like oneoff. Uh you know, if we film
a video that's a one out of 10 or like a
two or three out of 10, we're probably
going to plan like a part two or part
three to that video, right? But if it's
like a obviously 10 out of 10, like you
know, we're going to kill it off. We're
not going to do part two to that. But
with the secret rooms, like I mentioned,
that was such a huge one out of 10 for
us where we were like, okay, like we're
gonna have to make multiple series of
this. Um, and from there, we're kind of
just able to see like what people
enjoyed in the video, what they didn't
enjoy. And when you're able to study
like a video and able to do it like
five, six times, you can kind of the
next by the time we do the next one,
like I want it as perfect as possible.
Yeah. And from because I'm able to see
exactly what the audience is enjoying,
what they're not enjoying, where they're
clicking off at, we're able to write
like the perfect script where it's like,
okay, maybe they didn't care too much
when I'm not making progress and finding
my room. If I'm making a joke, too many
jokes back to back, I got to cut that
out. So when I walk in, I need to have
intent on, okay, this is where I'm going
to look first. And when I go and look
for it, here's why it doesn't work. as
opposed to just, you know, a lot of
times when we like find these rooms, I
genuinely want to build a secret room in
a pool, but I'm not going to do that cuz
it's too cold. And I'll say that in the
video. Okay, I'm not going to do that.
It's too cold. And you can see right
through it. Yeah. So, like from there,
I'm like, okay, like I'm peing the
audience just like, is he going to build
a secret room in a pool? That would be
really, really cool. And we do a graphic
of it and everything, but then not able
to do it. So, I settled for a kind of a
cool spot underneath the floor here,
which that was a whole like cut into the
marble, all of that stuff. Very
expensive to do. I want to talk about
the construction and like set building
you guys do because it's insane. Um, but
tell me about like like this video. Can
you show me the retention graph?
Wait, wait. So, so this is the retention
graph for the 7-Eleven video. Yes. But
it it definitely looked a lot different
when we first posted it. But when it's
like reaching 100 million views
sometimes like the graphs aren't I I
thought the whole video said top moment.
But then you know when you check back
months later sometimes you know the
intro shot people are you know I mean
this has 94 million views. It's getting
226,000 views every 48 hours. Uh 41%
retention on a video that's about 20
minutes long. Um can can I see how much
AdSense they
got? Or can I scroll or like Oh, I mean
you can. Okay. Like Yeah, you're you
can. Holy [__] On one video. I can't
say this number out loud. Wait, can I I
don't even know what it is. I don't know
what it is. I would love to see what it
is. All right. I mean, this is probably
pennies for you guys, but that's a lot
of trips to Costco. Yeah, that's a lot
of lot of Yeah, it's a lot of buffets.
Yeah. Yeah. What's your video with your
best retention or what's like uh most
subscribers or like any other videos
that have like an interesting
I mean, which video is it? This is our
most viral video. Yeah. Has likeund I
think 170. Wow. Yeah. 168 million views.
Can I scroll to the AdSense on this one?
Yes. Yes. This one's definitely a lot
better. Oh my god. Well, first of all,
can I say the subscriber number you got
from this? Yes. On this video alone, you
guys got
924,000 subscribers. Wow. Oh my god.
That's how much you guys made on AdSense
from this video. Yeah. How much was it?
Let me see.
Yeah. Oh, wow. Okay, that was a lot more
than I thought. You guys don't look at
your numbers like this. I feel like
someone like refreshing refresh. We
check it in the first week. I just don't
want to dwell on it and like a lot of
times it goes down as it reaches more
people. Just the ad slots aren't don't
get filled up. So, how long ago was this
video uh posted? This has been like 10
months or 10 months? Wait, really? No
way. We're in 2021. That's wild. I mean,
that that's a lot more renovations. Uh
yeah, a lot more construction costs to
cover. Uh that's insane. If you made it
this far, it'd mean the world if you
could hit the subscribe button and ring
the bell as we try to hit 1 million
subscribers this year. Plus, we have so
many big videos coming up from studio
tours to behind the scenes to interviews
that you won't want to miss. And just
thank you for everything, guys. To be
able to do this full-time has been a
dream come true. And now back to the
video. Yeah. Audio scene.
What does that do when you clap? Like
you're able to sync all of them because
you see like that huge like spike.
Yeah. Yeah. You didn't know that? That's
why they do the thing so they can find
it too in the clip.
You knew that. Come on. No. If I knew it
and you don't know it, you're kidding
me. No, I didn't know that. I didn't I
actually didn't know that. I thought it
was for like a visual thing. But the
clapping like I put that together, but
I've never done that. I've never seen
people do that because we don't we don't
hang around other creators. They don't
do behind the scenes stuff like this. Oh
wow. Or like I mean we've never been we
just up until like two months ago we
just hang out with creators. Like Jimmy
was the first creator we hung out with
in the last three years. Wait. Right.
Wait to shoot that. So wait when you
guys shoot that video with Jimmy. He was
the first creator we hung out with in
three years. Jordan Matter came. He was
the other only other creator in Fede to
where they just came and like we just
filmed a video. But Jimmy was the first
one that we I would say Fede too. Like
we hung out with him a little bit. But
Jimmy was the first one we actually got
to talk to as like people, right? I like
there was a little bit of language
barrier refet. But yeah, for three and a
half years, Jimmy was the first creator
we got to talk to and he really opened
up my eyes on a lot of stuff. So, wow.
Wait, wait, there's so many. Why Why did
it take three and a half years to like
hang out with a creator? I mean, you
guys are one of the biggest ones on
YouTube. I mean, like, what just
happened recently, I guess. Yeah. I
mean, yeah. I mean, the growth was
recent, too. No, you guys have been big
for a while. This is just another level.
Um I mean he reached out and then we
talked on the phone and you know I feel
like um I learned a lot from him and
surprisingly he mentioned like oh my god
like you guys are a little bit or he
mentioned that we're smarter than like
what he initially thought of us and I
was like really like what's people's
perception of us like I didn't ask him
that but I'm thinking in my head I was
like if this is all they see of us they
don't know like our lives personally
they don't know our operations like
anytime I tell anyone up until recently
that our team is only this many people.
Like we had five employees that was it
for like the last like six, seven years.
And we didn't even get those employees
until three years ago. Yeah. And it's
everyone goes like, "How in the hell did
you scale up to this?" And I would
definitely say it's because like we're
super obsessed with what we do. We
really I pretty much can spend all day
on YouTube. And it's just also because I
love it. I love every step of what we
do. So, I'm constantly I just see it as
oh my god like I can't wait to like you
know look over my video. Can't wait to
like see how I can improve it. Can't
wait to um look over the analytics and I
just love every moment of it. So that's
honestly like how we do it. So I just
love being involved every step of the
way given that it has kind of um
come with a weight gain. Yeah, come has
I was going to say like come with like a
little bit of a weight gain but that is
not for the videos. That would be crazy
if it was for I actually gained weight.
So, like the fat jokes made sense.
It's I mean I I think you have a lot of
confidence to self-deprecate like that.
What else did Jimmy say? Because that's
an interesting moment. I was actually
surprised to see that you guys
collaborated because for a while it's
like you know you guys had put out
similar stuff. It's like what's the
relationship like? So to see you guys
collaborate, I mean that's another full
circle moment right there. Yeah. Yeah.
It was uh it was definitely like very
very refreshing like seeing another
creator who like loves what they do. a
lot of creators that we've met and you
know part of part of like our past
everyone almost feels like they hate
what they do and they just kind of feels
like a job to them and I was like it's
almost like they're only doing it
because they're like I need to do this
to make money. Yeah. So like seeing him
like we were going to Walmart and he was
just smiling the whole time going like
hey let's go do something fun. We went
to Walmart and he was like uh looking at
his chocolate bars organizing them and I
just thought it was like the like
coolest thing ever. like someone who was
like that in love of what they did and
like cared that much that passionate
about everything. I was like, "Oh my
god." Like it was just so nice to see
and it was just very very like a huge
like I don't know like a huge like
um I don't know. I' I've wanted to cry
when I saw it honestly. So it was very
very like special to me. Yeah. Like meet
someone like that. I had a chance to go
with Jimmy to a grocery store and seeing
him like go down the aisle and like
analyze the products like YouTube
thumbnails was fascinating. Uh whole
another side to it. Yeah. Yeah. No,
there's Yes. Beyond the videos. Yeah.
Looking ahead, where does the Stokes
Twins empire go from here? Like are you
guys I mean you guys are so huge. I'm
actually shocked you guys haven't
launched a product yet or like done
something like a lot of the other
creators have. Ryan Trey with Joyide,
Jimmy obviously with Feastables. Um are
you guys thinking about like other
business moves just doubling down on
content? like where do we go from here?
Yeah, I mean that's one of the things
that I wanted to kind of free up my time
for, right? I feel
like there's only a certain cap that I
can like, you know, 100% of my time go
into the videos, I would only maybe get
like 10 20% more return for like my
videos. So, if I'm able to free up 20 30
hours a week to where I'm able to like,
you know, start my own product, learn
more about the business world, that's
also where I'm also super fascinated as
well. That's definitely next for us. I I
mean the reason why it's taken so long
because we want to create that perfect
product, right? Like the product has to
be good in our eyes and it's just these
things take time and right now our time
is really tied up which was the whole
purpose of hiring the people you see in
there like half of them weren't even
here like a few days ago even. So right
now it's just um figuring out a way to
free up a portion of our time so we can
dedicate it to building something else
like this. Yeah. And yeah, we definitely
just want it to be good, not just
something like one and off. It's has to
make sense, has to be good, has to fit
what we do and what we're also
passionate about. So, we're definitely
close. Um, I would say maybe in a few
months, sometime this year. Very close.
Um, we'll definitely have something
exciting. Yeah. Do you think you'll age
up your content as you guys get older?
Like right now, what what's the primary
demographic of your content? I would say
18 plus for
Um, yeah, I would say at the core our
fan base is definitely around like
pre-teen. I would say it's definitely
it's not even like a uh calculated
effort or anything. It's definitely I
just think subconsciously we try to like
deliver and make videos where I feel
like I was on YouTube the most as a kid
and that was around 12, 13, 14 and
watching creators that you know
I which made me fall in love with
YouTube more and that kind of inspired
us to like make content like that,
deliveries like that. And I think that's
more so like when we have like these
jokes in our videos, I would definitely
say it's more catered towards like like
pre-teens, teens, and yeah, I wouldn't
say it falls under one specific age
group. I definitely would say especially
this year we've um feel like a huge
reason for our success is also because
we've tried to make our not age up, but
I would say we definitely made it more
where everybody can watch it, right?
Like you could watch it, you know, with
um we've had parents come up to us
saying, "Hey, like I'll watch a lot of
your videos like by myself too, older
brothers, older sisters." Parents watch
by themselves. Yes. Oh my gosh. And it's
just like sometimes like, you know, we
have some of these jokes where they're
like, "Oh, like I can't let them watch
that, so I'll watch." You guys have a
lot of sexual innuendos in your content.
No, we do not.
You have a dirty mind. No, that's you.
That's
You got the dirty mind, not us.
No, come on. I mean, but are those you
do put those jokes in there deliberately
to try to age up your content or how do
you think about the responsibility
content for kids? I feel like we've just
been doing that since like ever since we
started YouTube. I feel like it's just
um No, we when we first started making
YouTube videos in elementary school, we
literally those were the kind of jokes
that we did in our videos as well. So,
it's almost
like being able to like relive that as
well. like a huge part of our childhood.
Like being able to have those jokes and
obviously we were very very inspired by
the YouTubers we watched at a time and
it's almost like a huge part of our
humor comes from YouTube. Like you know
a lot of people their humor comes from
shows um movies. Our humor comes from
YouTubers we watched when we were
younger. So a lot of that is tied in
with like those other YouTubers and
given that like so like we're not on
YouTube kids. I know a lot of people
think like, oh, our views are from
YouTube Kids. Um, the app YouTube Kid.
We don't. Yeah, the app YouTube Kids. We
don't have a single view from YouTube
Kids. And see, like the direction that
like, you know, that's a very
interesting question because now you're
like, do you want to age up your content
or cuz like we almost want to age it
down and make it a lot cleaner so we can
be on YouTube Kids because I've recently
found out a lot all the creators who who
are on YouTube Kids and the views that
they get from it. I'm like, oh my god,
like this is a whole untapped market for
us. like this can really help us compete
with like you know a lot of these like
top views, top most viewed videos if we
are on YouTube kids. So like it's like a
whole another market that we're really
trying to tap into given like we're
going to have to do like a whole revamp
on like some of the jokes in our videos.
But at the same time too like a lot of
people watch our videos for that as
well.
And yeah, no, it's uh it's just super
interesting like the different age
groups that we get depending on where we
go. Like yeah, I would say definitely
globally we have way older especially
like you know um Southeast Asia
primarily those regions they're all like
I would say around our age. Um they're
like you know definitely a lot older
than the US. Your typical like US fans.
But yeah, back to his point of saying
like you know um kind of like aging up
our content and all that. I just feel
like at the same time it's
uh primarily it's like people on
YouTube. YouTube at its core like
primarily it's going to be people around
like the age of like 10 to like 15 I
feel like 10 15 male and it just so
happened like we don't like try to
target that but that's just we were that
like typical YouTube viewer consumer at
the time and I think that's just kind of
a lot of where subconsciously when we're
like thinking of scenes thinking of
jokes it's just we just default back to
that because it's like I said it's just
when we spent the most time on YouTube
back then for because now it's more so
like for research purposes. Back then I
used to consume YouTube for like
entertainment watching all these like um
big like YouTube channels but but no
that's interesting common thread
throughout all of this is like you
create what you consume you know. Oh
yeah. So whether it's for research
purposes or not as we wrap up here you
know the sun has gone down you guys have
opened up about so many things. I'd say
one of the most touching videos that you
guys have put online was the video about
your grandpa. Um because most people may
not know you guys uh were born and
raised in China. Um would go there and
he would you know raise you guys and
spend a lot of time with you guys.
Um I'm wondering what what would your
parents and specifically what would your
grandpa say about what you guys are
doing now today?
Well, just right off the bat, like you
know, he he raised us when we were
little kids and we would go back every
summer. So, he was technically we saw
him as our dad or our parents. So,
um a lot of like the kind of people who
we are today, a lot of like you know who
we are like personally and whatnot was
heavily influenced by him. Like I I
definitely try to
I try to be more and more like him.
decisions where it's like, hey, like
don't be angry, be more patient, things
like that's because of him, right?
And I know
he at the time we were so like nose deep
on YouTube and
super extremely busy to the point where
we used to call our grandparents like
every week over um just a checkup on
them. And I think there was a time where
we didn't speak with them for like a
whole month because we were just so busy
just figuring out the videos because we
finally had like, you know, we were
remonetized. We were things were vamping
up. We kind of got like so buried in the
work and we kind of lost touch with like
what was important and we, you know, we
had the opportunity to pick up a phone
call that night when we were outside
like planning out this next video and
you know the very next day like we got
news that he passed.
And you know, it kind of just made us
realize like I I feel like to this day
if a part of me thinks if you know, we
would have picked up, he would have been
in a better mood, he would that what
situation would have happened.
But yeah, so it's definitely um he is
the reason why like we work so hard too.
I feel like
I because like to ignore
like what we did because we already
sacrificed so much. I don't want it to
be in vain now where it's like if we
just like give up and quit. It's just
kind of like okay so what was all that
hard work for? Like what was the purpose
behind all this? And of course like we
love what we do
but obviously there's moments where you
know we're working 18our days. We get
stressed out and having a reason to do
it like I I never the reason why I'm
able to go push myself is because I
ultimately don't do it for myself. I do
it for others. So I think it's just um
he's definitely provided that uh that
stuck with me and I would like to
say I know he would be proud but I
definitely feel like there's better ways
I can grow and me as a person and
whatnot
just in everything we do is just try to
like honor his like legacy
and Yeah, I'm not sure if you want to
add anything to it, but yeah, it's uh
that was very very touchy for
um Alex. Yeah, I mean that was um
um So
like obviously like a lot of people
don't know about our background but like
you
know we come from like a super
struggling in China and like we're
originally from Tennessee. You know, we
keep this to ourselves, but we come from
like, you know, very very struggling
background where
like some days like we want to
eat and that was like the case with like
our grandpa, like our family here as
well. But
like, you know, when we were younger, he
always made sure like we ate even, you
know, if they didn't eat and our family
didn't know that we were
homeless for even up until recently
because like I just didn't want to
stress them out more than like and they
needed to be right
like and it really helped us you know
push through everything because you we
our family in China they were sick and
you know they raised us to their core
like, you know, they're our parents and
we wanted to be able to take care of
them cuz, you know, they were
sick and like by the time we could help
out, it was too late. So
like between like being being
demonetized those days when we stayed up
super late trying to figure it out
trying to get earn extra revenue
like was so we could pay for those
things
and I had an opportunity to pick up his
call and I declined it and he called
like 20 more times and then three hours
later
he he
passed. Oh, I was doing it all for him
to take care of those close to me and I
wasn't even there in the final moments.
So, it is a huge part of why we do what
we do and why we push through
because I feel like everything would
have been for nothing if we
just never quit or ever get into
arguments or ever do things that could
put our business in jeopardy. So, he is
a huge reason why we do everything. So
that's why it's very important to us to
take care of those close to us and off
camera on camera. Like I just want I
don't want anyone to go through anything
they shouldn't have to especially if I
have the power do that cuz I wasn't able
to at a time that I wish I could have.
So I just always want to make sure
that's something that never happens
again. So that's a huge motivating
factor for us.
Yeah. I'm so
sorry. I'm sure you'd be so proud of
like what you guys are doing now and uh
even to have that attitude throughout to
take care of everyone. I
mean, yeah, I appreciate you opening up
like
that.
Yeah. Is there anything else like on
your mind? I mean, that was so
beautiful. I think that's a, you know,
like anything else that is on your mind
or like things that you guys want to
talk about? I mean, I I appreciate you
guys being so open throughout this
interview.
Um, anything else that you guys wanted
to share
or put out there before we wrap?
Not that I can think of.
I mean, we do have a present for you.
You do?
Yes. Can I Can I see what what what is
it? Is it a uh It's probably something
we should have gave you at the start of
the video, but you know, retention
something to look forward to. I'm down.
Yeah. What? Uh what what are we talking
about here? Oh
god. Oh god. Okay. Oh. All right. I
don't know if it's I think it's your
size. Look at this. A tuxedo. So we can
be triplets. Yes. It's so
triplets. All right, guys. Oh, skinny
fit. I love it, man. I love it. I love
it. Well, I'm gonna have to wear this
next time. Like I I there's so many more
things. things. I feel like you guys are
building that um entire like space over
there, the the warehouse. Like I feel
like there's endless things to talk
about, but I just want to thank you guys
for your time and your openness and uh I
mean we've talked now since the sun has
gone down and
um it just means a lot that the trust
you guys put into this interview because
I know you don't I mean you guys it's
not even that often. Yeah, I know this
is the first time you guys have sat
down. So, thank you so much for
everything and uh yeah, I'll give you
guys the final word, but thank you for
the gift as well. It's crazy. Yeah.
Well, thank you so much for coming out
and interviewing us. This was very, very
fun. Very glad we got to talk and yeah,
thanks for giving us the opportunity to
share all of this as well. Thank you.
All right, guys. All right, cool. Let's
find a prom or somewhere to go crash.